c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp5_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\PhoneApp5.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\PhoneApp5.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\Page3.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\Page4.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\Page5.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\Page6.g.cs
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp5.dll
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp5.pdb
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\PhoneApp5.g.resources
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\PhoneApp5.dll
c:\users\mangoboy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp5\PhoneApp5\obj\Debug\PhoneApp5.pdb
